James:
PCB:
-I updated the design of the PCB to have terminal blocks for inputs/outputs, the ESP32-E, components that are all in stock, and a multiplexer to 
handle 5 unadressable infrared distance sensors on an I2C bus. I also added a bidirectional logic level shifter to allow the Roomba tx to communicate
with the ESP32 rx (uart. Before there was only ESP32tx/Roombarx communication). The components for the PCB were ordered on Wednesday January 25th and 
arrived on Thursday January 26th. The PCB was ordered through Advanced Circuits on Thursday January 26th and expected to be shipped out through UPS 
ground on Wednesday February 1st, meaning we can expect to have the PCB in our hands between Thursday February 2nd and Wednesday February 8th. 
Enough components for 3 boards were ordered, and 3 PCBs were ordered.
Sensors:
-5 IR distance sensors were ordered and have arrived. As mentioned above, they are unadressable so an 8:1 multiplexer has been added to mimic 
addressing.

Todd:

Taylor: 
Algorithm fixes: 
- When target point is out of range (x-z coordinates that are not on plane), path to coordinates will still be calculated.
When Roomba reaches wall or barrier in attempt to approach this point, it will stop movement completely to indicate invalid coordinates. 
- Previous unexplained error of game objects skipping coordinates or beginning recalculation of path to next coordinate before fully completing current path.
The difference in distance between target point and current point was tested with different values to find an ideal range that could prevent this from happening.
When plane was scaled to larger dimensions, the pathing calculation errors were reduced.
- If target point is directly on the other side of an obstacle, Roomba no longer slows down to an extremely low speed as it travels around the obstacle's edge. 
Speed may be reduced depending on obstacle size or movement but only by a small amount.
General:
- All code updated and transferred to a new Unity project to be committed to Github. Unity has been linked to Github account but there are current issues with
committing all the files to the Roomba-MRS repository. This issue should be fixed this week.
- Plan to create a UI for current Unity setup so that same files may be used and necessary changes can be easily made.
